MTA-6811, 6812, 6813, 6814, 6815, 6816 CQA April Developer Lightspeed work (#357)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/developer-lightspeed-guide/assembly_configuring-dev-lightspeed-ide.adoc

ifdef::context[]
[id="configuring-dev-lightspeed-ide_{context}"]
endif::[]
= Using {ProductShortName} with Developer Lightspeed in an IDE

:context: configuring-dev-lightspeed-ide

[role="_abstract"]
As a Migrator, you must configure the Visual Studio Code Integrated Development Environment (IDE) to use the {mta-dl-full} plugin to run application analyses and generate code resolution suggestions.

You must configure the following settings in {mta-dl-plugin}:

* Visual Studio Code IDE settings.

> * Profile settings that give context before you request a code fix for a particular application.

Reviewer: "Provide" in this context sounds a bit better than "give". We have no strict rule that prohibits using "provide". it's rather a minimalism concern that must not necessarily be changed. Especially, when it sounds better :-) Here's my suggestion to also  reduce wordiness:
```suggestion
* Profile settings that provide context before you request a code fix for an application.
```
